[Music]
ten exercises to get rid of back and
armpit fat in under 10 minutes
there's nothing more frustrating than
putting on your best outfit and noticing
your back and armpit rolls poking out
and what's worse these areas can be so
hard to target at the gym but don't
worry we've prepared the perfect workout
that'll help you eliminate chest and
upper back fat once and for all
and guess what you don't even need to
leave the comfort of your own home all
you need is a jump rope two dumbbells a
stability ball an exercise mat and just
ten minutes of your time and before you
get into your workout clothes be sure to
subscribe to our Channel and turn on
post notifications so that you'll always
be the first to see what's new on the
bright side of life all right now let's
get to fighting that flab exercise
number one jump rope as with any workout
session it's important to warm up and
get that blood flowing today we're gonna
accomplish that by jumping some rope or
jump roping whatever it is just don't
forget to turn the rope with your wrists
only set your timer for two minutes on
your mark get set go while you're
jumping away let's talk about why it's
important to warm up before exercise as
you can guess by the name warming up
increases your body temperature by
revving up your heart rate and blood
circulation this not only prepares your
body for strenuous activity it also
makes your muscles tendons and ligaments
more flexible to prevent injury warm-ups
usually consist of light cardio
exercises and stretching
[Music]
but why jump rope first of all it's
great cardio plus it targets the
shoulders back chest thighs abs and
calves according to the jump-rope
Institute yes it's a thing it's also
good for your brain
jumping rope helps develop the left and
right hemispheres of the brain to not
only further improve spatial awareness
and reading skills but also increase
memory and mental awareness one more
minute you're doing great
as for the International Youth
conditioning Association they say that
jumping rope strengthens the muscles of
your feet ankles and knees and improve
stability in the joints of the leg
you'll definitely find that useful once
we get into the rest of the exercises in
today's workout who would have guessed
that this seemingly childish activity
was so good for you you feel that heart
rate increasing yet keep going we've got
30 more seconds
[Music]
and done take a moment to catch your
breath and we'll move right along
[Music]
exercise number two jab cross with
dumbbells you're gonna need dumbbells
for this exercise obviously but if you
don't have any you can use two canned
goods or water bottles filled with water
or sand just make sure the cap is on
tight start by standing with your feet a
little wider than shoulder width apart
and your knees slightly bent keep your
elbows tight against your side's foot
bend them so that the dumbbells are
right in front of your chest push your
left arm out in a punching motion return
to the starting position and then push
your right arm out let's put one minute
on the clock and go right jab left jab
right left
get to know your inner boxer remember
that annoying armpit flab we talked
about earlier yeah
this exercise will annihilate it in fact
it also targets you a whole upper body
and improves your speed and coordination
[Music]
keep switching arms feel the burn we've
got 30 more seconds dumbbell cross jabs
we'll give you the shoulders of your
dreams and you know what that means
hello tank tops five four three two one
and done exercise number three chest
press with legs extended now grab your
exercise mat still got your dumbbells
with you good you'll need them lie on
your back with your hips and knees bent
at a 90 degree angle that'll bring your
feet up off the floor hold the dumbbell
in each hand put your arms out the sides
on the ground and bend them so that your
wrists are in line with your elbows
bring your arms together up over your
chest and lift your shoulders off the
mat while straightening your legs return
to the starting position let's set the
timer for 45 seconds and begin this
exercise alone is a full-body workout it
strengthens the chest abs back and
triceps
oh and of course can forget about the
upper and lower abs get ready for the
six-pack of your dreams and you can
finally kiss that annoying little belly
pooch goodbye poor good riddance if you
ask me chest press with legs extended
also improves posture and flexibility
three two one and phew nailed it
[Music]
exercise number four upright row keep
hold of those dumbbells for this one two
if you have a barbell you can grab it
instead stand with your feet
shoulder-width apart and your back nice
and straight hold the barbell or
dumbbells in your hands
and let them hang in front of your hips
bend your elbows and bring them out to
the sides to raise the barbell until it
reaches the top of your chest and slowly
bring it back down to the starting
position we're gonna do this one for a
minute straight get to it
this exercise targets the upper and
middle back improving the symmetry of
your core and that equals better posture
I know it's something our parents and
teachers always told us we need but why
exactly is that
Harvard Health publishing reminds us
that standing and sitting up straight is
important for balance and helps you
maintain correct form while exercising
plus it actually improves your self
esteem concentration and oxygen
circulation okay ten more seconds and
done feels good to know you'll be
looking good right
[Music]
exercise number five Swiss ball chest
press don't put those dumbbells away
just yet you'll still need them grab an
exercise ball too if you don't have one
a comfy bench will do lie on the ball so
that the middle of your upper back is
supporting you with a dumbbell in each
hand extend your arms out to the sides
keep your elbows slightly bent and
facing up to avoid injury
slowly pull your arms together so that
they meet above your chest be careful
don't drop those dumbbells and gently
bring them back down to the sides you've
got 60 seconds for this exercise don't
rush it you're balancing on a ball after
all all right you can begin the Swiss
ball chest press strengthens your
shoulders triceps and chest muscles in
this exercise the exercise ball
complicates the task by increasing the
range of motion but it also makes it
more effective what's great about
working the chest muscles under the
breasts is that it visually lifts them
so if that's what you're looking for
here's your ticket
[Music]
come on you've got this five more
seconds and done let's keep it moving
exercise number six push-ups
hey can't beat the classics I'm sure
everybody knows how to do a push-up but
it can't hurt to go through the form
anyway right get down on the ground with
your arms extended in front of you your
wrist should be directly below your
shoulders keep your abs engaged so that
your belly doesn't hang towards the
floor slowly bend your arms to lower
your chest until your nose is about an
inch away from the ground push back up
into the starting position of course if
you're not quite ready for the extended
leg version you can always do the bent
knee one for now so instead of balancing
on your toes you'll be on your knees
anyway let's put 45 seconds on the clock
starting now push-ups are considered the
most effective exercise against armpit
fat doing push-ups daily will surely do
the trick
[Music]
in fact you're probably feeling the burn
in that area right about now or is it in
your chest you're working those muscles
too you know come on now just a little
more three two one and done exercise
number seven curtsy lunge with sidekick
raise
it's lovely like a curtsy butt kicks
like a ninja here's how to do it take a
big step back with your left leg while
simultaneously crossing it behind the
right one and your knees to do a curtsy
stand back up take your left leg out to
the side and reach your left hand
towards your left ankle try to kick your
leg up to waist height if you can let's
start with thirty seconds for your left
leg ready go as a compound movement
curtsy lunge with side kick raise
engages the entire body once you get
into your second week of training you
can do this exercise with a dumbbell in
your reaching hand step back stand up
kick back up kick
[Music]
almost there and done well not entirely
of course let's switch legs and do
another 30 seconds on the right one and
go do you remember the move step back
with your right leg now Ben stand back
up and kick that right leg out punch the
air with your right hand you're doing
great
be careful don't knock over any antique
vases or anything a few more seconds and
well done keep that energy up let's move
on exercise number eight plank rotation
whoa sounds complicated here's how it
goes
get down into a sort of push-up position
but spread your feet about hip width
apart
remember your hand should be below your
shoulders and your abs engaged slowly
twist your core to the left and lift
your left hand towards the ceiling bring
your left hand back to the initial
position and repeat on the right side
think you can do it for 45 seconds I
know you can't so let's go planking is a
great way to improve your flexibility
and strengthen your entire core adding
the rotations will help improve your
balance and get those obliques working
that is bye-bye muffin top again you can
throw some dumbbells into the equation
when you start the second week of
training of course if you feel that's a
little too risky for your liking then
just leave them out
[Music]
Wow
you're really getting the hang of this a
little more and done exercise number
nine
Superman whole don't worry you don't
need Superman powers to do this one it's
super easy lie face down with your arms
extended up over your head
engage your core and glutes to lift your
arms chest and legs off the floor see
you're like Superman flying piece of
cake right we're gonna set the timer for
30 seconds ready set go
the Superman hold is one of the most
effective back exercises out there it's
a great bodyweight core move that
targets the muscles that stabilize the
back Plus what it does to your bum will
leave you pleasantly surprised
[Music]
a little more now and rest hang in there
because we have one more exercise to go
exercise number 10
stretching how about we finish this
workout with some back stretching hey
grab your exercise ball you're gonna
need it put the center of your upper
back on the ball bend back carefully
while spreading out your arms and legs
we're gonna hold it for just 20 seconds
okay go ahead can you feel that stretch
feels nice right it's like a reward for
getting to the end of this intense
workout think relaxing thoughts and go
to your happy place three two one and
done give yourself a pat on the back you
deserve it do this entire workout at
least two or three times a week and if
you want to see even better results do
three sets of each exercise after just a
month you'll notice not only at your
armpit and back fat have disappeared but
also improve muscle tone posture and
confidence don't forget that exercise
works best when combined with a healthy
diet so try to watch what you eat - do
you know any other effective chest and
back exercises feel free to share them
with everybody in the comments if you've
enjoyed this video go ahead and give it
a like and send it to your friends hey
maybe you can even do this workout
together strength in numbers right we've
got tons of fitness and diet videos on
our channel so make sure you're
subscribed to the bright side of life
you